Airware specializes in the development of autopilots for unmanned aircraft systems.
Free, powerful social metrics combined with effective campaign feedback.
The App Store for server software. Run any app on any platform.
BuildZoom is your one-stop shop for getting a house built, remodeled or repaired.
We're making it easier for engineers, students, and hobbyists to design, analyze, build, and share circuits.
CrowdMed is revolutionizing healthcare by harnessing ‘the wisdom of crowds’ to help solve even the world’s most difficult medical cases quickly and accurately online.
Monitoring, error reporting, and metrics for all your applications.
Spreadsheets for big data.
FlightCar lets people parking at the airport rent their vehicles out to other travelers. Never pay for airport parking again.
Our vision is an online marketplace that connects curious eaters with America's best gourmet food purveyors.
Heap automatically captures every user action in your web app and lets you measure it all. Clicks, form submissions, page views, and more.
Talk to a lawyer online. Get the legal advice you need, hassle- and commitment-free.
Lollipuff is the premier online auction site for high-end designer apparel and accessories.
Great healthcare, powered by great software.
Meldium automates away the tedious, error-prone, and insecure parts of account management so you can do more work with less IT.
Microryza is a crowdfunding platform for science and academic research.
The MYO armband lets you use the electrical activity in your muscles to wirelessly control your computer, phone, and other favorite digital technologies.
Padlet is an Internet application that allows people to express their thoughts on a common topic easily. It works like an online sheet of paper where people can put any content (e.g. images, videos, documents, text) anywhere on the page, together with anyone, from any device.
PayTango links the cards in your wallet to your fingerprints.
Posmetrics provides iPad-based customer feedback surveys that are mounted right at the point of purchase.
A fundraising platform enabling celebrities to use their fan bases to raise money and awareness for their chosen causes.
Collaborative screen sharing. You each get your own mouse, and you're both always in control.
Curated database of products and prices. 50 million distinct prices from 20 million products, refreshed constantly.
Simple health insurance for small businesses.
Gorgeous, mobile-optimized sites in minutes.
Weather-appropriate fashion advice tailored to your life and style, every day.
Svbtle is publishing network that brings some of the best things from newspapers and magazines to a network of great people.
With Swapbox you no longer have to worry about missing deliveries. Use your Swapbox shipping address and your packages will be waiting for you at our nearest location.
Swish is a dynamic, specialized mobile payment company that has developed a ground breaking new card reader and application which provides a complete mobile point of sale solution to any size business.
Create and sell custom t-shirts with zero upfront costs.
Set up exams, tests and assessments with ease. Get student answers securely. Get them graded instantly.
Watsi is an online peer-to-peer crowdfunding platform that allows users to fund life-changing medical treatments for underserved people in developing countries.
We aim to give everyone - regardless of wealth - the opportunity to invest in startups.
Wevorce's divorce services ensure kids come first, costs remain affordable and everyone stays out of court.
Find a professionally managed vacation rental.
Zenefits runs your benefits, so you can run your business. Get affordable benefits for your company in minutes. Then set and forget them.
Airbrite is a cloud-enabled platform that powers mobile commerce
We are the next generation of e-commerce. Our mobile-first API powers modern shopping. 
Amicus empowers cause-driven organizations to leverage the social networks of their supporters, raise more money, attract more members, and win more votes.
Authy makes it easy to add optional two factor authentication to your application. You just add some API calls to your app and your users will be able to use their phones as a second layer of authentication.
Fast, scalable financial analytics. BigCalc lets quants and algo traders run simulations on limitless amounts of historic data.
Boosted Boards builds the world's lightest electric longboards.
Ship parcels to BufferBox for quick, convenient & secure pick-up anytime. Never miss a delivery again.
Canopy Labs provides a powerful platform for businesses wanting to build and apply customer models.
Circular offers an infinitely scrolling feed of content based on people you follow and topics that interest you.
Build educational applications that just work.
Coco Controller is a Kickstarter project that adds directional controls and game buttons to almost any phone, including the Galaxy SIII, iPhone, and most standard Android handsets.
Your Hosted Bitcoin Wallet. Coinbase is the easiest way to get started with Bitcoin.
Finder for the cloud. Google docs, Facebook, Instagram.
Supercharge Excel. Script your spreadsheets with Python.
Social freedom. Diaspora is a fun and creative community that puts you in control.
Double is the simplest, most elegant way to be somewhere else in the world without flying there. Wheels for your iPad.
We believe that 3D printing will fundamentally reshape our relationship with the products and items we use. At Dreamforge, we'll strive to show our beliefs in big ways and small in the products we build and in the example we set.
Easel is an in-browser, high-fidelity web design tool that lets you mockup, share and implement your ideas with ease.
Real Time Eligibility Checks for Health Insurance.
Everyday.me is an automatic journal that helps you to record your life and store it forever.
Filepicker.io connects mobile & web applications to user content.
Flightfox is a platform for crowd-sourced flight search.
FundersClub is a web service that gives investors unprecedented access to investment opportunities and the tools to review and invest online with ease and speed.
GetGoing is a San Francisco based technology company developing innovative search and booking solutions for the global airline industry.
A Simply Remarkable Spreadsheet.
Mobile and cloud based logistics software.
Healthy Labs builds networks to connect patients so they can learn from each other.
HiMom - Stay in touch with your parents. Share precious moments 
in digital- and physical postcards.
Hiptype brings analytics and targeted advertising capabilities to the most popular eBook platforms, where these powerful features have never before been possible.
HubChilla matches you up to similar users and lets you talk to them over SMS.
A fun image sharing community. Explore amazing art and photography and share your own visual inspiration!
A Grocery Store on Your Phone. Delivery to your doorstep within minutes.
Kamcord allows users to record and share their awesome gameplays without having to leave their games.
Need Reliable Carriers? Keychain's proprietary technology gives you unprecedented access to our nationwide network of qualified drivers.
With Kippt we want to make your information workflow and archiving effortless.
Where great teachers help you succeed in high school. Search for a topic. Over 8,000 video lessons and counting.
Lean Startup Machine is the world's leading bootcamp on Lean Startup methodology.
Light Table is a new interactive IDE that lets you modify running programs and embed anything from websites to games. It provides the real time feedback we need to not only answer questions about our code, but to understand how our programs really work.
Photoshop to html & css. Generates automatically in minutes
Say goodbye to long forms and meaningless numbers. MicroEval is the quickest and most meaningful way to give feedback to your employees.
Our goal is to be THE answer to the mobile monetization problem. The first step is to solve the problem of "blind" ads. Hence our focus on targeting.
MyVR is online marketing software that allows vacation rental owners and operators to manage all of their vacation rental marketing in one place.
Focus on the best stories from your friends and favorite blogs.
Parallel Universe, a Y-Combinator startup, makes middleware that enable easy scaling for real-time spatial applications.
Fast & Easy Facebook Retargeting. Retarget lost customers on Facebook and get more sales.
Plivo is a cloud based API platform to build Voice and SMS Applications.
Profig provides transcriptions, call tracking, voice broadcasting, CRM integration and other custom features to businesses.
QuicklyChat is a quick way for coworkers to video chat with each other when they're working remotely.
ReelSurfer lets anyone clip and share any video from any website.
Referly is an Online Referral System for Your Social Network.
The first wedding registry to co-operate with independent retailers & big box stores, RegistryLove lets you register products and services from anywhere & consolidate them all onto ONE registry.
Set Rent Accurately. Rent.io helps you set competitive pricing for rental properties.
Scoutzie.com is a curated marketplace for design.
SmartAsset makes life's biggest decisions easier by bringing full transparency to the financial decision making process.
SpinPunch makes infrastructure for high performance browser games to rival PC and console titles.
Sponsorfied is an online marketplace for sponsorships that connects brands with relevant sponsorship opportunities with the click of a button.
Web-based statistical analysis software that speaks in plain english instead of arcane stats jargon.
Better Grades. Less Frustration. We help you get better grades in your college classes with less time spent studying.
Submittable is a cloud-based submission management platform used by 1000s of businesses, publishers and art organizations to curate and accept payment with submission (i.e. audio, video, manuscripts, images, applications, and resumes).
Survata is a new type of market research and consumer insights service.
TapIn is the easiest way to go from seeing to sharing. Broadcast mobile videos instantly.
Tastemaker aims to make interior decorating affordable and accessible to everyone.
Handcrafted iPhone travel guides that are free, offline, and just plain full of awesomeness.
The best way for artists to release new music and videos.
Custom Fit, Perfect Fit, Personalized Polos, T-shirts.
Vayable is an online marketplace where people can discover, buy and sell unique travel experiences, including tours, activities and extended trips.
ViaCycle creates advanced bicycle sharing technology that allows easy deployment and administration.
Get your video seen by millions of people! Leverage our platform to distribute your video to people you want on blogs, social games, and mobile apps.
VoiceGem is the easiest way to send a voice message to anyone.
Zapier lets SaaS users create integrations that push data between dozens of different web applications without having to write any code or wrangle APIs.
The world's largest and fastest growing online comedy community that has brought together tens of millions of people who love to laugh, have fun and connect with others through humor.
AnyPerk offers discounts on web-services as employee perks.
AnyVivo wants to be the e-commerce hub for all living things.
Ark.com is a search engine for people. Find new people. Reconnect with old classmates. Make new business contacts. Search your friends.
Carsabi is a search engine for used cars.
Chute is a cloud platform that helps apps and sites capture, manage, and display media files
Coderwall is a site for developers to profile what projects they are up to and learn from others.
Crowdtilt allows users to pool funds for objectives in a simple, social, and frictionless way online.
A fresh, new way to shop daily deals.
Embark makes it easy to get around without a car. We make free, fast, and simple mobile apps for mass transit riders worldwide.
everyArt allows you to commission an art piece from a diverse portfolio of artists on the web, all excited to collaborate with you on your masterpiece.
Exec lets you outsource the things you don't want to do in life. Let our background checked Execs help you get things done today.
FamilyLeaf is a private place to share your life with your family.
FarmLogs makes it incredibly simple to always know what's happening on your farm. Start saving time and money. Ditch the spreadsheets and paper records!
Play and pause your music and movies with a gesture!
Flypad turns your iPhone into a motion-sensing game controller for PC, Steam, & indie games.
Where fans and celebrities gather for good.
We're a social club that sets up drinks between 2 groups of friends. 3 guys & 3 girls.
Smart collaborative documents. Company wiki. Personal notes. Event planning. Classroom collaboration.
Brilliant job seekers, delivered. Screen and source job candidates through work samples and video interviews.
iCracked provides local iPhone, iPad, and iPod repair and buyback in the United States and eight other countries around the world.
Kytephone is a free app that transforms an Android smartphone into a safe and fun smartphone for kids.
LVL6 creates social mobile games on Android and iOS.
The Easiest Way to Build an iPhone Game. Period.
Matterport is a revolutionary 3D scanner that allows anyone to create digital models of interior spaces quickly, easily, and automatically.
Healthcare communication made simple. Medigram provides a HIPAA-compliant communication platform to make any medical conversation convenient and secure.
Create stunning HD videos and share them with your friends.
Simple Minecraft servers. Available instantly, free to play for 10 hours a month.
Pair is an app just for the two of you.
Phi is currently designed as a PCIe card for developers. It is hardware (a software defined radio) that allows software developers to write applications to interact with all types of wireless signals and wireless devices.
PlanGrid was created to save contractors time.
Popset is the easiest way to start group photo albums with friends, directly from a mobile phone.
Priceonomics is the price guide for everything.
Share your screen instantly to any device with a browser.
SendHub is a fast and simple way for professionals to communicate.
Shoptiques.com brings boutique shopping online.
Socialcam is a new mobile video application coming to both iPhone and Android.
Sonalight is an app that lets you text whilst you drive.
Swiftype is building search software for the next generation of websites and applications.
The Daily Muse is visually engaging job search and related career resources.
An Android and iOS app that turns your phone into a real-time push-to-talk walkie-talkie that also sends texts, voicemail, images, and video.
Hire mechanics that will come to your home or work to fix your car. Save 20% or more on car repairs. Convenient, affordable and transparent.
We are creating beautiful, modern payroll.
Zillabyte is an online big-data analysis platform currently in stealth mode.
99dresses allows users to trade the fashion items with other users.
42Floors makes office space rentals and commercial real estate listings easier to search by indexing business places for rent, coworking spaces, office sublets, and executive suites.
Agile Diagnosis is building the central place for clinical guidelines, providing clinicians with access to expertise and information in a format they can apply in their practice.
Aisle50 is the first group-buying outlet for groceries, a $2 trillion business. The best way to save on your groceries.
Our mission is to connect great businesses with each other. We'll help you make smart and easy decisions on products and services based on honest reviews, from one business to another.
Be the first to hear about movies that you will love!
CitusDB is a distributed database that lets you run SQL queries over very large data sets. Designed for analytical queries, CitusDB enables real-time responsiveness.
Codecademy is a web-based programming tutorial designed to teach JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JQuery and Python
We are an automated credit counseling solution to help customers get out of debt, a little like a “turbo tax” for those who need debt relief.
DoubleRecall is a recall based advertising platform and monetization solution for online media and mobile.
We believe most stories are meant to be shared with your family and best friends, not 500 strangers. Everyme lets you choose who to share with and how.
A scalable real-time backend for your web app. Build apps really fast without the hassle of managing servers.
Freshplum's goal is to bring the decision-making power of data science to companies who sell goods and services electronically.
Glassmap is a simple, beautiful way to show your friends where you are and what you are doing.
GoCardless is a UK-based service that allows smaller merchants to easily set up interbank transfers for customers.
Habit Labs aims to turn leading a healthier life into a game.
The future of open project management. Keep users away from competitors by keeping them in the loop with your product's development.
Interviewstreet helps you to create customized programming tests (in any language) and evaluate candidates based on their programming skills before proceeding for an interview.
Kicksend allows friends and family to easily share files in real-time on the web, mobile, and desktop.
We're creating digital toys and tools that empower kids to create, learn & share their ideas through play.
Leaky helps consumers make better decisions about insurance.
The latest SEC Filings, Press Releases, Patents, and Trademarks for 700000+ companies and entities.
Meteor is an open-source platform for building top-quality web apps in a fraction of the time, whether you're an expert developer or just getting started.
MixRank is a spy tool for contextual and display ads.
MobileWorks is a crowdsourcing platform for businesses and developers that is more accurate, faster and easier to use than existing solutions.
MongoHQ is the leading provider of data solutions for developers utilizing MongoDB as their data storage technology.
Munch On Me is a food discovery portal that connects people with great food at great prices in local communities.
The best people around. Who are the best trainers, stylists, etc. around me?
PageLever is the leading analytics platform for measuring your brand's presence on Facebook.
QR codes made easy. Paperlinks is the premier platform for generating QR codes for businesses.
Parse provides cloud services for mobile developers. The complete
mobile app platform. Parse lets you focus on creating unique & engaging apps. We take care of the rest.
Share Your Best Moments. Send photo prints to loved ones in seconds.
Proxino is a cloud platform for monitoring and debugging client-side JavaScript.
Quartzy is an online suite of lab management tools for the academic life science community.
Rentobo is a new tool built for landlords, managers, and agents of all sizes to simplify the process of finding and signing a new tenant for your rental property.
Science Exchange is an online marketplace for scientific experiments. The easiest way to get experiments conducted by researchers in top core facilities and institutions.
SellStage is SaaS for online retailers to make communicating and selling via video easy and affordable.
Siasto is a collaboration and project management tool that integrates into Google Apps, Gmail, Google Drive, GCal, box, and Dropbox.
Snapjoy is an online photo library that imports your photos from anywhere and organizes them into meaningful memories of who, what, when, & where.
Greek Streak is a company that designs and creates unique sorority and fraternity apparel.
Stypi is a collaborative real-time text editor similar to Etherpad.
Tagstand ships NFC stickers and a platform to manage them.
You need a tablet strategy. We can help.
Verbling provides users with an innovative way to learn new languages by utilizing video chat technology.
Vidyard is an online video platform for business. Add Video To Your Website In Minutes. Vidyard hosts your videos, analyzes their effectiveness, and transforms them into powerful marketing tools.
Vimessa allows you to send free video messages to your friends anywhere in the world, even if they do not have an iPhone.
Yardsale, a mobile app to help folks sell goods to local buyers.
Zenbox is a browser extension that connects all of your SaaS services.
Zigfu is the easiest way to make and play Kinect apps. Download the plugin, hook up your sensor, and enjoy the future now!
Acunote is a project management tool and Scrum software.
AppHarbor is a .NET Platform-as-a-Service.
Beetailer's software helps retailers import existing web stores onto Facebook and gives e-retailers tools for promoting the storefront and detailed analytics about how well it is doing.
RPC Framework for Building Modular Services and Cross-Language Applications.
Chirply is a platform for crowd-sourcing & crowd-curating design.
Know when your friends & networks are nearby, wherever you are, no matter where you go. Circle tells you when your friends, or people from your networks (college, work, hometown, professional group, etc.), are near you.
Comprehend Systems is the maker of Comprehend Clinical, which is a reporting and visualization tool which runs  against multiple databases in real time, while leaving the data in place.
Curebit helps online stores increase revenue through referrals by turning existing customers into marketers.
Custora offers a SaaS that tells online retailers and web apps which of their customers are most valuable, and suggests actions to keep them.
drchrono is a medical platform for doctors and patients.
Earbits is a marketing platform for music related products built around interactive radio experiences.
Think of FitFu as a personal trainer in your pocket that keeps you active with little bits of exercise throughout the day.
We created a universal customer loyalty card that embraces the power of network effects, social media integration & improves the customer experience.
GiftRocket sells a new type of gift card that works at any location.
Hosted IRC and so much more.
Grubwithus social meals allow you to meet new people, while dining at some of your city's best restaurants.
HelloFax is an online service that helps you send and receive faxes, request signatures and fill out forms all from your computer.
Tumult Inc. makes the next generation of designer tools to produce beautiful web content.
Hyperink, the San Francisco based self-publishing platform, wants to unlock and sell that untapped information by giving every citizen the ability to publish a book.
Use Kaleidoscope to spot the differences in text and image files. Review changes in seconds with the world's most advanced file comparison application.
Lanyrd is a directory of conferences, events and speakers.
Like.fm is a fast, beautiful, and fun way to share your favorite songs.
Mailgun provides a web service for integrating email inboxes into apps.
With Meetings.io you can meet face to face with anyone from around the world within your web browser.
MemSQL is a Y Combinator grad making a scalable, memory-optimized database built for high-throughput workloads.
MinoMonsters is a social game where players collect and battle pet monsters.
Moki.TV is a directory of all paid and free content included on Amazon's streaming service, Netlfix, Hulu, iTunes, and others.
Always Know Who You're Meeting. You schedule meetings in Google Calendar, Noteleaf gives you information about who you're meeting on your phone.
Flotype Inc. is a venture-backed company building a suite of enterprise technology for real-time messaging.
OrderAhead is the easiest way to order from local merchants on your phone.
Pebble is an infinitely customizable e-paper watch.
Sendoid is an on-demand peer to peer transfer system.
SwipeGood allows users to enroll their credit or debit cards and automatically round up every purchase to the nearest dollar for charity.
TalkBin is a feedback platform for local businesses.
Siasto is a collaboration and project management tool that integrates into Google Apps, Gmail, Google Drive, GCal, box, and Dropbox.
Fastest, easiest way to setup a phone system for your business.
The simplest way to save for a child's future.
Tutorspree is an online portal that helps tutors and clients find each other.
Upverter is building browser-based electronic design tools focused on collaboration and usability.
WhereBerry helps you keep track of things you want to do in your city.
YouGotListings is the online rental technology platform that provides real estate offices and landlords with the easy-to-learn tools to enhance their professional lives.
ZeroCater makes it easy for companies to enjoy meals delivered from the best local restaurants, caterers and private chefs.
AdGrok allows business owners to automate the process of choosing and bidding on keywords on Google AdWords.
AeroFS is a program where users are able to manage and store their files and data in a cloud-like platform.
AnyLeaf offers unbeatable deals on local groceries.
Brushes is a painting app designed exclusively for the iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad.
Chart.io helps businesses analyze and track their critical data.
Crowdbooster provides the world's first intelligent social media dashboard designed to help businesses effectively grow and manage their presence online.
DotCloud is a 2nd-generation platform-as-a-service.
E la Carte develops tablets for restaurant tables so guests can order, pay and play games from their seats
Check-in to games to chat and trash-talk with friends who are also watching.
FutureAdvisor was founded in 2010 on the premise that investing for your future does not have to be difficult or expensive.
Gantto was conceived to fill one obvious gap in our weekly management routine.
GazeHawk is a Y Combinator-funded company that provides eye tracking services using ordinary webcams.
Ginzametrics makes enterprise SEO simple and easy to manage.
Hacker School is a three-month, full-time school in New York for becoming a better programmer. We're free as in beer, and provide space, a little structure, time to focus, and a friendly community of smart builders dedicated to self-improvement.
Hipmunk is a travel search site that aims to take the agony out of travel planning.
Accounting, taxes & payroll. One solution. inDinero is your company's accounting department.
Koduco makes iPad games that focus on multiplayer collaboration on the same device.
Leftronic is a Y Combinator-funded company that develops a web-based real-time dashboard application for monitoring a company's most important data.
MessageParty is a new kind of mobile blogging service.
Write in private about your life.
Opzi is creating software to make corporate knowledge accessible.
PagerDuty is an alarm dispatching service for system administrators and support teams.
Rapportive shows you everything about your contacts right inside your inbox.
ReadyForZero creates online financial software that helps people control and reduce debt.
Stripe is a simple, developer-friendly way to accept payments online.
TapZilla is a Y Combinator-backed company that launched October 13, 2010 and is taking the daily deal model and applying it to discounts on paid mobile apps.
Fast stream watching.
The Fridge is a platform for lightweight single serving social networks for the functionality of Facebook without being on Facebook.
Whereoscope is a service designed to help parents keep know where their kids are.
WorkFlowy is a tool for organizing your brain.
1000memories is the new shoebox for your old photos.
InboxQ is a browser extension that delivers a persistent stream of questions from Twitter directly to you.
Browsarity.com is a browser application that allows people to donate to charity while shopping online.
Cardpool is a gift card exchange marketplace where anybody can buy, sell, or trade their new or pre-owned gift cards.
We want the whole world to find their color enlightenment. We believe that choosing colors shouldn't be a "black and white" process, and that everyone can discover their own personal color enlightenment from within.
Crocodoc is the trusted leader in HTML5 document viewing.
Know what's next.
Data Marketplace helps people find, buy and sell data online.
Embedly provides a platform and suite of tools to make embedding and previewing links simple.
Embedster allows bloggers to serve an ad for any YouTube they display on their site.
Etacts is a CRM for people - it helps you keep in touch with people in your address book.
Designers - Sell on Fabricly. Fabricly is a great way for you to gain extra exposure, whether you're already selling online or if you're just getting started.
Gamador is a social game developer that has released three games so far.
Infoharmoni is a data visualization startup founded by Kovas Boguta.
LaunchHear is a way for bloggers to get early review copies of new products.
Mertado is a social shopping company that lets consumers discover and buy new products within the online communities that they frequent.
Movity.com surfaces geodata (crime, noise, pricing, etc) to help home buyers make better decisions.
NewsLabs offers a platform that looks to help “old school” journalists adapt to the web, by giving them help with advertising, SEO, and other issues they may not have had to deal with before.
Notifo is a mobile application and platform which allows any web site or service to easily create mobile notifications.
Nowmov is an endless stream of videos recommended to users based on their interests, friends and what's trending around the world.
Simple, fast, and powerful.
OwnLocal (previously Seeing Interactive) provides Web-based software to local newspapers and gives them a white-label service for selling online ads and services to local businesses.
Get your place professionally cleaned for just $20 per hr.
Zencoder is web-based video encoding software as a service, designed to quickly convert any video into web and mobile compatible formats.
Learn something new every day with new articles written daily about topics discovered from all around the web.
140Fire is a platform to make online video ads interactive.
500friends enables retailers to acquire and retain high value customers.
Bump Technologies builds mobile applications and APIs that allow two smartphones to identify one another and connect by simply being bumped together.
CarWoo! is an online new-car buying service and marketplace.
DailyBooth lets users follow their friends and update them in real-time through the use of pictures and status updates.
Directed Edge delivers Amazon-like “People who bought this also bought…” and “We think you'd also like”-style recommendations to other sites, using existing data being collected such as purchase or click histories.
FanChatter fuels your fans so they can promote you better than any ad ever could.
FlightCaster predicts flight delays.
At its core GraffitiGeo allows users to leave brief reviews of restaurants, or for those too lazy to do that, to simply leave a "thumbs up" or "thumbs down". It's like a highly condensed version of Yelp, or a Digg for the world.
Create amazing movies right from your iOS or Android device - automatically!
InstantQ allows restaurants to fill tables by varying prices to increase demand.
JobSpice is a surprisingly easy-to-use, intuitive online tool for creating a resume.
Lingt is a service for learning languages that takes advantage of gameplay mechanics to keep users coming back for more.
Listia, which launched in August 2009, is eBay for free stuff.
Keyless entry using your phone.
Save time writing your agenda and minutes.
Mixpanel is an advanced analytics service that helps improve web and mobile applications by tracking how users interact & engage with them.
Olark is a lightweight tool to chat with visitors to your website using your existing instant messaging client.
Plurchase is an online social shopping site.
Search NYC Apartments and Listings by Location. Find New York City Apartment Rentals. Contact Landlords Online.
RethinkDB is designed to be extremely fast, and implements powerful features that are cumbersome and inefficient with rotational storage.
Tuxebo connects people looking for things to rent from local rental companies.
WakeMate makes personalized alarm clocks that sync with both a user's body and their cell phone, enabling the iPhone alarm system to sound at the end of a REM cycle.
WePay is an online payments platform for individuals, organizations, and businesses.
Adioso is a better search and booking app for leisure travel.
Founded in August 2008 and based in San Francisco, California, Airbnb is a trusted community marketplace for people to list, discover, and book unique spaces around the world – online or from a mobile phone.
Cloudkick is a centralized web-based control hub for cloud servers.
Divvyshot allows groups of friends to share their photos easily, at their full resolutions.
Echodio makes it easy to keep iTunes music libraries in sync, securely backed up and streamable from anywhere.
Foodoro is a marketplace where people can buy specialty food directly from artisanal Foodmakers.
Heyzap is a social discovery platform for mobile and the largest social network for Android/iPhone mobile gamers.
Nambii is an online dating service with iPhone applications that allow users to send and receive flirts with people around them.
Picurio is web-based photo sharing and photo management software.
pocketfungames is a game developer for the iPhone that focuses on games with strong social components.
Propable was a suite of online management and investment analysis tools for property investors.
ReMail is an email app that downloads all your email to your iPhone and offers a comprehensive email search.
Skysheet is a web-based spreadsheet, in stealth mode as of March 2009.
thesixtyone is Digg for new music, a social filter for the tsunami of indie creativity hitting the web.
Voxli offers browser-based group voice chat for gamers and teams.
Wattvision offers a simple idea: Monitor your energy consumption in realtime from the web.
Anyvite is a free site dedicated to event invitation creation and group organization.
Awesome Highlighter is a company that provides a tool that enables you to go to a website and highlight information to save for later or share with your friends.
BackType is a marketing intelligence platform that helps brands and agencies understand the business impact of social media.
CO2Stats aims to help website owners understand the electricity usage and related carbon emissions associated with site usage, and then helps site owners manage their carbon footprint.
ContestMachine is a web service that makes running promotions from any website easy.
Touchscreen platforms for effortless data collection.
ididwork is an online tool that allows employees to keep track of the work they do over time.
MeetCast is browser-based software that provides a host of features critical to effective real time interaction, including: sharing documents and images, whiteboarding, simultaneous text editing, and screen sharing.
People and Pages is a service similar to Google Groups, allowing group organizers to manage email lists and publish to the web in one place.
Picwing is a photo sharing platform that enables users to share their photos through a variety of sources.
The best way to create stylish real-time experiences for events using mobile devices.
Popcuts is a unique online music store. Buy music. Make money.
Posterous was focused on making blogging simple - as simple as sending an email.
The artist-formerly-known-as Scoopler is a real-time search engine.
Slinkset is a white label social news platform that allows anyone to start a social news site and integrate it into their own website.
Grab pieces of enjoyable content from any page, save them online, and share without having to copy/paste using a simple bookmarklet.
SocialBrowse is a Firefox extension for sharing links.
Startup companies. Startup jobs. Jobs at the world's best angel- and venture-backed web, media, and technology companies.
TicketStumbler is a secondary ticket market search engine and comparison website.
Vidly, formerly known as TwitVid (or Twitvid.io), wants to be the easiest way to share video on the web.
The Youlicit web content recommendation engine leverages the wisdom of the crowds to return the most recommended sites related to a website or topic.
Addmired, Inc. is a software company in Palo Alto, CA, focused on creating new and engaging applications and games for users of social networks and mobile devices.
Chatterous is a communications service that aims to allow groups of friends to stay in contact with each other synchronously through any communications channel.
Deluux aims to become distributed Facebook, or inverted Ning, by relocating the center of peopleâ€™s online identities to their websites, which exist outside of any one social network.
FathomDB offers databases as a service, taking care of many of the day-to-day tasks database administrators have to deal with and letting them focus on more complex issues.
Heroku is the first and best multi-language cloud application platform, or platform-as-a-service.
Insoshi is an open-source open networking platform.
Joberator will help employers find developer talent by encouraging computer science students to refer their developer friends, of whom they have more intimate knowledge than any professional recruiter.
Kirkland North is taking an infectious campus-wide game that it ran at Yale and Harvard last year and spreading it to other campuses around the country.
MightyQuiz powers a collection of user generated quiz questions that can be answered and rated on-site or through a distributable widget.
Mixwit describes itself as a combination of Slide and iTunes.
The easiest, fastest way to update or install software. Ninite downloads and installs programs automatically in the background.
Omnisio was founded in 2007 by Ryan Junee, Simon Ratner and Julian Frumar, and was subsquently acquired by YouTube in July 2008.
RescueTime is a frictionless web-based time management tool that keeps track of what you do and for how long when you are on your computer.
Snaptalent powers a distributed job advertisement network primarily meant for developer listings.
Tipjoy is a simple, social payments engine that allows merchants to sell digital content and features, charities to raise money for causes, and individuals to give money to one another.
WebMynd is a Y Combinator-funded startup launched in January 2008.
Wundrbar wants to improve upon the search bar experience by providing users with powerful inline commands.
YumDots wants to be the go-to mobile application for finding places to eat when out on the town.
280 North is a web application company based on their proprietary application framework, Cappuccino.
8aweek is a Firefox extension that monitors surfing behavior to let you know when you spend too much time on time wasting sites.
Adpinion was trying to get rid of the antagonism between advertisers and web surfers by letting you vote for the ads you want.
Anywhere.fm lets you upload your music collection onto their site and then play your music anywhere from the web.
AppJet is an online programming tool for building simple web apps.
Biographicon was a wiki-based website containing biographies of famous and non-famous people.
Browse the best deals on electronics and appliances from top stores like Amazon.com, Newegg, CircuitCity, Best Buy, Walmart, and Dell.
Clickpass makes OpenID easy to use and brings OpenID closer to the mainstream than any other company has done before.
The Cloudant Data Layer is the cloud database service managed by experts.
Beautiful, real-time, engaging discussions for your website. With a few quick steps, you can turn your old comment system into a new way to engage your visitors.
On DraftMix fantasy sports fans can sign up and play pickup games against other players on the site for virtual dollars or for real money .
Dropbox was founded in 2007 by Drew Houston and Arash Ferdowsi.
Habit Industries is currently pursuing the online animation space with Fuzzwich and has previously launched Minivid, a simple, playful animator.
iJigg is a social music site that lets users vote on submitted singles using Digg-like voting.
Justin.tv is the easiest way to create live video and show anyone in the world what's happening right now. Justin.tv makes it fun, easy and fast to gather and engage with a live audience.
Reble offers a software download, only for windows, that allows users to stream music from your friends who also have installed Reble.
SlapVid was a video site built on peer-to-peer technology that allows you to browse, search and watch video pulled from top video sites.
SocialPicks provides individual investors with a trusted online investing community where they can invest smarter together.
Launched October 2007 by co-founders Ian Hogarth, Michelle You and Pete Smith, Songkick is an online database of concerts for music enthusiasts.
Splashup, formerly known as fauxto, is an online image editing service that provides some advanced tools and is unique for its incorporation of image editing layer effects.
Zecter is creating technology that aims to make it easy to share files with others over the internet.
Auctomatic, a Y Combinator company, offers an auction and marketplace management system for all of those individual sellers on such sites as Ebay, Amazon, Overstock and others.
Buxfer is the next-generation personal finance solution, taking money management to the web.
Heysan is a free mobile messaging and community based in San Francisco, California.
Vertical search engine Octopart, which launched not too long ago, focuses on putting an end the inadequate search engines used by electronics parts manufacturers.
Parakey was founded in early 2006 by Blake Ross and Joe Hewitt of Mozilla/Firefox fame.
Socialmoth is a community to post your thoughts anonymously.
Mobile applications have so far been nightmares to implement.
Virtualmin is taking on the lack of innovation in the server admin programs, like Plesk, by making a more accessable version for pages managed by the non-technical crowd.
Weebly is an AJAX website creator that allows you to create pages with template skins and content widgets.
Whitenoise is like a social network for the music industry.
Writewith is a collaborative writing web app, enabling you to easily flow through the steps of writing, editing, and publishing a document with a group.
Jamglue is an online community where you can listen to or mix music from a library of user-contributed music.
A platform bridging mobile text messages, email, and IM communication without needing to download anything. Users can send mass messages on any of the platforms and JumpChat will send it to the platform the receiver activates.
An online personality test game, where you look at two photos and choose which one you “Like Better”.
OMGPOP (formerly known as iminlikewithyou) developer and publisher of multiplayer, social and mobile games.
A social polling site. Pollground allows you to easily create surveys and allow the “wisdom of the crowd” to answer your questions. Questions and comments can be posted anonymously.
Scribd is a social reading and publishing website.
A “fashion related community”.
A service that enables its users to meet and chat when they visit the same websites.
An online collaboration environment that allows users to chat and draw diagrams on a shared whiteboard.
Xobni (the word inbox spelled backwards) makes your inbox and address book smarter.
Clustrix has built a NewSQL database with no limits.
Flagr enables users to share places, adding photos, video and descriptions from their mobile phone.
Inkling provides a platform for companies to run their own internal or external prediction marketplaces.
Snipshot is a photo editor that lets you start editing any photo with one click of a bookmarklet.
Wufoo's HTML form builder helps you create online web forms. Use our web form creator to power your contact forms, online surveys, and event registrations.
YouOS provides a platform for developers to create and distribute applications that live in a browser-based “desktop” environment.
ClickFacts is a Malware Software Solutions company for buyers and sellers of online media.
Kiko is a web calendar for anyone who wants to keep and share a
calendar online.
Loopt is a social service that connects people to their community.
Launched in 2005, Reddit is a social news website that displays news based on your personal preferences and what the community likes.
Founded in 2005, TextPayMe is an SMS payment service that lets you send money to other people using cell phone text messaging.
